{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 #Exercises found on https://www.coursehero.com/file/p1jijdt8/Exercise-315-Write-a-BPMN-model-for-the-process-described-in-Exercise-11-Make/\
\
#Exercise 3.18\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In a court each morning the files that have yet to be processed are checked to make sure they are in order for the court hearing that day. If some files are missing a search is initiated, otherwise the files can be physically tracked to the intended location. Once all the files are ready, these are handed to the Associate; meantime the judge\'92s law list is distributed to the relevant people. Afterwards, the directions hearings are conducted.\
\
#Exercise 3.19\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The motor claim handling process starts when a customer \
submits a claim with the relevant documentation. The notification \
department at the car insurer checks the documents upon completeness \
and registers the claim. Next, the Handling department picks up the claim \
and checks the insurance. Then, an assessment is performed. If the \
assessment is positive, a Garage is phoned to authorize the repairs and \
the payment is scheduled (in this order). Otherwise, the claim is rejected. \
In any case (whether the outcome is positive or negative), a letter is sent \
to the customer and the process is considered to be complete.\
\
#Exercise 3.20\
When a claim is received, a claims officer first checks if the\
claimant is insured. If not, the claimant is informed that the claim must be\
rejected by sending an automatic notification via an SAP system. \
Otherwise, a senior claims officer evaluates the severity of the claim. \
Based on the outcome (simple or complex claims), the relevant forms are \
sent to the claimant, again using the SAP system. Once the forms are \
returned, they are checked for completeness by the claims officer. If the \
forms provide all relevant details, the claim is registered in the claims \
management system, and the process ends. Otherwise, the claimant is \
informed to update the forms via the SAP system. Upon reception of the \
updated forms, they are checked again by the claims officer to see if the \
details have been provided, and so on\
.
\fs206\fsmilli103400 \

\fs103\fsmilli51700 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
}