{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green85\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red16\green53\blue102;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c40000\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\csgenericrgb\c6275\c20784\c40000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 #Exercise found on http://www.dis.uniroma1.it/~marrella/slides/Sem_Process_Modeling_with_BPMN_13-14.pdf \
\
#Exercise slide 37\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Once the boarding pass has been received, passengers proceed to the security check. Here they need to pass the personal security screening and the luggage screening. Afterwards, they can proceed to the departure level.\
\
#Exercise slide 43\
A company has two warehouses that store different products: Amsterdam and Hamburg. When an order is received, it is distributed across these warehouses: if some of the relevant products are maintained in Amsterdam, a sub-order is sent there; likewise, if some relevant products are maintained in Hamburg, a sub-order is sent there. Afterwards, the order is registered and the process completes.\
\
#Exercise slide 85\
After a car accident, a statement is required from two witnesses out of the five that were present, in order to lodge the insurance claim. As soon as the first two statements are received, the claim can be lodged with the insurance company without waiting for the other statements.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
#Exercise on slide 109 (solution on slide 110)\
After the reception of a meeting remainder, a new account must be created if the employee does not already have one. The report is then reviewed for automatic approval. Amounts under $200 are automatically approved, whereas amounts equal to or over $200 require approval of the supervisor. In case of rejection, the employee must receive a rejection notice by email. The reimbursement goes to the employee\'92s direct deposit bank account. If the request is not completed in 7 days, then the employee must receive an \'93approval in progress\'94 email If the request is not finished within 30 days, then the process is stopped and the employee\
\
#Exercise found on http://www.idi.ntnu.no/emner/tdt4250/Slides/Exercise2Intro.pdf\
Courses are normally a mix of curricula that are wholly or partly lectured, and exercises for practical work on topics within the course. Some exercises may be mandatory, and may also be used in the grading process of the course. The semester plan developed in the course preparation typically contains details for this process, including when different parts of the curricula are to be lectured, when the lectures take place, and when the different exercises are to be done. The teachers and/or teaching assistants prepare each exercise in detail before making it available. The students are then assigned to do the exercises, and must work on this, preparing an answer before the given deadline. When the exercises are submitted, they are evaluated and possibly graded by the teaching staff, and feedback is provided. \
\
#Exercises found on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://courses.cs.ut.ee/MTAT.03.231/2013_spring/uploads/Main/ITlecture2.ppt"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 https://courses.cs.ut.ee/MTAT.03.231/2013_spring/uploads/Main/ITlecture2.ppt}}
\f1\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li540\fi-540\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 When a claim is received, it is first checked whether the claimant has a valid insurance policy. If not,\
the claimant is informed that the claim is rejected due to an invalid policy. Otherwise, the severity of\
the claim is evaluated. Based on the outcome (simple or complex claims), relevant forms are sent to\
the claimant. Once the forms are returned, they are checked for completeness. If the forms are\
complete, the claim is registered in the Claims Management system and the evaluation of the claim\
may start. Otherwise, the claimant is asked to update the forms. Upon reception of the updated\
forms, they are checked again.
\fs40 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 The Order Management process is started when a customer places a purchase order. The purchase order has to be checked against the stock re the availability of the product(s). Depending on stock availability the purchase order may be confirmed or rejected. If the purchase order is confirmed, the goods requested are shipped and an invoice is sent to the customer. The customer makes then makes the payment.\
\
The process now includes two departments within the supplier organization\'85The purchase order received by the Sales & Distribution department has to be checked against the stock. The order details are sent to the Warehouse department that returns an availability notification. If the purchase order is confirmed, the Warehouse department collects the shipping details from the customer and ships the goods. The Sales & Distribution department sends an invoice to the customer who then makes the payment.\

\fs40 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li540\fi-540\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 Claims Handling process at a car insurer\
A customer submits a claim by sending in relevant\
documentation. The Customer Service department\
checks the documents for completeness and\
registers the claim. The Claims Handling\
department picks up the claim and first checks the\
insurance policy. Then, an assessment is\
performed. If the assessment is positive, a garage\
is phoned to authorise the repairs and the\
payment is scheduled (in this order). In any case\
(whether the outcome is positive or negative), an\
e-mail is sent to the customer to notify the\
outcome.\

\fs48 \

\fs24 \cf2 When a claim related to a major car accident is evaluated, a\
clerk first retrieves the corresponding car accident report in\
the Police Reports database. If the report is retrieved, it is\
attached to the claim file. The claim file and the police report\
serve as input to a claims handler who calculates an initial\
claim estimate. Then, an \'93action plan\'94 is created based on a\
\'93checklist\'94. Based on the action plan and the initial claims\
estimate, a claims manager negotiates a settlement with the\
customer. After this negotiation, the claims manager makes\
a final decision, updates the claim file to record this decision,\
and sends a letter to the claimant to inform him/her of the\
decision.\
\
When a claim is received, it is registered. After\
registration, the claim is classified leading to two\
possible outcomes: simple or complex. If the claim\
is simple, the policy is checked. For complex\
claims, both the policy and the damage are\
checked independently.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li540\fi-540\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}